All right, let's start this bitch kitty
The bell house deep in the heart of beautiful Guaranis, New York
Hello Brooklyn, you beautiful beautiful bunch of weirdos
I have some exceedingly good news for you. Harmontown is now in session
Please welcome the mayor of Harmontown to the stage mr. Dan Harmon
Oh
All right, okay
All right
Holy shit, thank you
Thank you very much from the bottom of my of my heart. Holy crap. Thank you and and and really thank Jesus Christ and
God above. What have I done to deserve this? There's a there's a sea of humanity out here
All I can do is fuck it up. That's it
That's the prayer. This is the coolest room. I'll ever be in it's uh
I even before you guys filled it with your your coolness just that when this room was empty
I got a little intimidated this room feels very much like
Like like the pixies must have played here at some point
So much heroin must have been done here
Daniel Day-Lewis probably got a hand job. It was at some point
I just during some Scorsese film
If Harmontown had a dream venue, it would be this room for you listening
For you listening at home, it's it looks like a town hall like it's it's got this wooden stage
Jeff's podium was like was was was was was was sanded out of Abe Lincoln's
casket
There's still a top hat in the in a drawer
I feel like I should stand and have a bible up here
That's what Lincoln wore right a tap hat who was he was known as the fancy president. Uh, yeah, uh
Boy, it's great to get yes stovetop stovetop. Thank you
So somebody's bothered to yell out a correction on the type of type of a hat that Abe Lincoln wears
Uh, and now the audience is cheering that person for correcting the Abe Lincoln
Yeah, but for those of those of you who've listened to the podcast especially on our tour
People popping off from the audience is a huge staple of our diet up here
Well, let's let's let's not springer them. You know, that's a let's not wind them up
Yes, it's true. Jeff that eventually people do tend to get riled up and
And yell things out, but uh, we can't let's go to shut the fuck up
All right, I will come out there and I will beat the fuck out of you. I'm not intimidated by this city
Fuck you too can't understand you can't hear you
I don't care. It's Spike Lee shot stuff here
Doesn't matter to me. Yeah
That was my fault. I uh, I I I rubbed the lamp too too soon. I don't want to tell anybody have a paternity test that's unresolved
Just pop up here. Anybody not know who who what's going on in their life. Just just just wander up. It's brooklyn. Jeff
We could get stabbed
No, you carry with that. Yeah, that's the that's the hip fat
That's the thing about new york versus la like you look like like when I live in la I lay in bed and I
Move my arms. I don't I don't touch another person from la
Like like we we live a less insectoid kind of like like like like colonial kind of existence out there
It's more it's more kind of lazy and sandboxy and uh, my friend dino lived in new york for 10 years and
He's not coming out
Uh, but but but I think he put it best. He said like when you live in new york
Like the coolest thing about it is that you live in new york and it kind of like you go to you go to bed at the end of
The day and you can build a whole personality off the fact that you survived living in new york
Uh, you you're not able to do that in la like no one gives a fuck about you in la no
You're never in anyone's way every time I come to new york
I get instantly intimidated from the moment you step out of the airport like and you forget that you don't have the right
Away as a pedestrian
It's just immediately everyone's all too happy to remind you they will they will fucking run your ass over
It's also the only town like at least in the in the in the u. In the u.s. I think that like I walked
I went into soho today as we're staying here in brooklyn
But I subbed into a subway into soho and I was just wearing like jeans and like a big parka
Like what I what I wore on the tour bus and I was the most underdressed dude in that town man
Everybody's just got perfect hair and they got the kick-ass coat and a big-ass scarf for some reason. They're all fancy here
Yeah
Everyone's fancy nobody nobody says nobody says I'm weird for wearing a suit in this town is amazing
You can wear you can wear a suit in new york. It is a little nice other since where I'm not throwing the south under the bus
But it will be nice to not spend a night talking about the fucking civil war
Holy shit, man, I am exhausted
Every city I wikipedia
Like I wikipedia brooklyn it was like george washington farted here and then
You know, they built a bridge brooklyn bridge. Jeff. Did you know brooklyn bridge?
First bridge between two who gives a shit? It's
It's brooklyn. It's it's
It's it's this is this is the history right now. You got you for me all I care about is it neil diamond
Yeah, he's coming out tonight you guys
You know what let's bring him out neil diamond
What if he did
What if god damn it
Um, uh, yeah, it's the biggest of the five boroughs. Jeff. I think you know, you know the other the boroughs. It's, uh, uh, uh,
Manhattan, uh, chel- chelsea
Uh, uh, um, uh, pe- pe- pe- pe- pe- pe- pe- peat rows
But broadway and, uh
Times Square and then but then brooklyn is the biggest of all of them
Uh
I
Like the wrappers they tire
I heard a guy rapping about how each of the burrows
was like one of the fingers on his hands
that he used to sling rock with.
I thought that was really cool.
That's why I get really jealous in New York.
There's so much fucking culture.
Like five burrows, oh, there's five fingers and a fist
and you sling rock with that hand.
And he's just like fucking, oh, the queens
is my middle finger, fuck you motherfucker.
And like, it was such a badass rap.
Like, I was looking forward to seeing some black people.
I'm scanning the crowd.
But honestly, in Los Angeles, we don't really.
You got something back there?
OK.
OK, we got some black people.
OK, all right.
And when we say some, we mean two women.
That's it.
There are two black women.
All right, all right, let's get it.
Who do we got back there?
And any of our resident black people
want to come up and just for a quick interview?
That's it.
Yeah, just as a change of pace.
I just want to see you give you a hug.
And like, I've been in the South.
But honestly, it's like, all right, we're coming.
We're coming.
Do you need help up?
Smooth black people are the way of the world.
I've got black people, black girl coming up on the stage.
It makes me feel so cool.
Got a black person going to jump in the black pool.
Find out what it's like to be black.
I don't want to have a hunky heart attack.
I want a black lady to give me some style,
going to go from the West to the Egyptian Nile.
That's where black people started.
Egypt.
Neu, neu, neu, neu.
Neu, neu, neu, neu, neu, neu, neu.
Funky, funky, jing-tut black people.
Neu, neu, neu, neu, neu, neu, neu, neu.
I don't know.
Sorry.
Thank you.
It was a part.
You had all the power there.
You could have just given that a thumbs down and walked away.
I wanted the support.
What's your name?
Maya.
Maya?
Oh, nice.
Black lady name.
Maya.
I'm telling you, I'm just going through withdrawal.
Blacks again.
Blacks again?
Oh, so you're doing the whole American melting thing.
You got a line up here.
Yeah.
Good.
Yeah, this is one-stop shopping.
Are you from Brooklyn, Maya?
I'm from Nashville, Tennessee.
Whoa!
Where were you?
So I'm going to talk to you about the Civil War.
You didn't escape it.
Who won?
I can't even, I don't know.
We came back from there, and I think the answer is pretty quick.
We're still trying to figure that one out.
It was weird down there to just like, it's more of a joke.
You can make more of a joke about racism up here.
I think not because we're heroes, because we weren't involved.
Like, Brooklyn's role in the Civil War
was that they were getting high and eating sandwiches,
and they said, you know what, slavery should be illegal.
And then, like, meanwhile, down there,
like, everyone's dying and shit's happening.
My clothes are more expensive for some reason.
New York had it pretty hard with the racial rights,
the draft rights, and stuff like that.
Gangs in New York, that movie, Si.
I like that they would just do a shot walking down
the five points, and there'd be nobody on the streets.
That really sparsely populated area.
Well, they cleared the streets because the gangs
were going to have a fight.
I thought it was a, I don't know,
Scorsese can't really do any wrong by me.
Martin Scorsese's here.
Let's have a hand for him.
He's not here.
Who's that there's a chair down in front that says reserved,
and it's empty.
Who's this asshole?
That's,
I don't know, Eddie Geller.
Eddie Geller.
Oh, here, I don't need a seat reserved for me.
I'm coming.
Oh, that's Eddie Better, sorry.
Yeah, he got the, maybe he saw where his seat was
and goes, fuck that.
Save my seat.
Gonna have you, have you, have you, have you.
Oh, shit.
Oh, boy, we fucking Beatles used him.
Were you, were you just ordering a drink and back
or did you just get here?
I didn't realize there was a seat for me.
Oh, did your friend say, wait here,
let's, let's get him on mic.
I'm not able to talk at the same time.
I'm sorry, Maya, I'm sorry.
Maya, stick around for a second.
I forgot you were there.
We're used to being the backdrop.
It's, it's okay for her to play that card.
I brought her up literally as the black lady.
She gets to say whatever she, she gets to,
she gets all the power, Eddie, Eddie Better,
what's your name?
Eddie Geller.
Thanks for coming.
Thank you for having me.
Can I get you anything dot, dot, dot a watch?
It's a standard, standard comedian thing.
Yeah, Eddie, Eddie, what are you most afraid of?
Being a failure.
I would have said spiders.
These spiders, you just, you're just a badass with spiders.
I'm okay with spiders.
I hate snakes though.
Okay, snakes and being a failure.
Maya, let's do a scene from Eddie Geller's early childhood.
Let's, let's, let's, do you have any theatrical background?
Do you, do you think you can hold your own?
12 years old summer camp.
Okay, so 12 year old, sorry.
All right, so I'll be, I'll be 10 year old Eddie Geller.
And we're going to do the scene where he learned to be afraid
of snakes and failure.
Mommy, why are you so much more ethnic than me?
It was the immaculate conception again.
I, I never knew my dad, but I just wanted you to know that I love you.
Today's my first day of school.
Do you want to give me a pencil or like any clothes?
No.
But wait.
Snakes.
No.
Well, that explains everything.
I, I guess, I guess that, I guess that makes sense.
I guess it's okay for you to leave a gaping seat open in the front of the
totally phase me out, my first show in Brooklyn.
All right, Maya, what's your biggest ambition?
What's your biggest dream?
Well, that puts you on the spot, doesn't it?
It happened.
Oh, you've, you, you're like me.
You've lived your dreams.
Yeah.
Like I turned 40 and I got, I got to do a tour and play in this hip
room in Brooklyn.
I'm just making up shit to do before I get hit by a car.
Like I already had a TV show.
I didn't deserve that.
I got fired from it.
They finally caught up to it.
No, I wasn't fishing for that.
I wasn't fishing for that.
Stop it.
It's not what I.
Mommy, why did NBC fire me?
Because they have no sense.
Thank you, mommy.
Snakes.
We're not so different, Eddie Geller.
I'm your shadow father.
Okay.
Well, so, so, so Maya, like, well, I don't know.
So you, you, you, you really mean that you feel, you feel pretty
self-actualized?
Uh, self-actualized.
I mean, I live in Brooklyn and I'm a writer.
How self-actual.
Yeah.
Can't get better than that.
I, I, I, I, if I ever thought I was truly successful, I would move to New York and try
to be a writer here.
Because that's the real, the real writer thing.
Yeah.
I don't understand why you're not here.
Shut the fuck up.
Is that real enough for you?
I just mind doing a bunch of heroin and jerking off on them.
All in one motion?
Uh, yeah.
That's, that's, when, when I feel like I have that maneuvered down, I'll move to New
York.
Uh, I'll start with a nice little place in Queens and I'll, I'll, I'll just jerk off
for a while and then I'll, and then I'll add heroin to it.
Like a.
All in one motion.
So what, what kind of stuff do you write?
Uh, I write a lot of lies.
So fiction, but I'm working on a screenplay.
What kind of fiction?
Um, long fiction, but I'm working on a screenplay.
Oh, long fiction, working on a screenplay.
Who is it working on a screenplay?
Anybody else?
That, that, that would be everybody in LA.
That's night, that's another nice thing about New York is that there's lots of creativity
happening here.
There are a couple of people lifting things for a living and that, like, like someone has
to, like, that's, that's the nice, like it's a real city that you feel like isn't, like,
like if Spielberg, uh, moves, it won't fall apart immediately.
Like, I was really like, you walk down the street in Los Angeles and you're like, what's
going to happen if he decides to go to Vermont like, like, uh, for, for more than a summer?
Spielberg lives.
Spielberg lives everywhere, my friends.
Spielberg is here.
Let's bring him out.
He's not here.
Sorry.
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry.
Well, well, you know, maybe, maybe if, uh, maybe if you pray real hard, it'll come out.
I don't know.
How does it, how does movies work?
Like you clap your hands or something.
Swirling violence.
Yeah, yeah.
And things happen.
Yeah.
If we get a crane in here and like make a big enough shot, like he'll come out.
Um, all right.
Well, so you're, you're, uh, can I, can I give you any help writing your screenplay?
Are you stuck on any part?
Um, I'm like an expert.
You're an expert.
Thank you, baby.
Monster house fans.
The house is a monster.
I don't know how I come up with this shit.
Houses aren't supposed to be monsters.
You're supposed to live in those motherfuckers.
What if they ate you?
It's Rob Schrab's idea.
Oh, where can you help me?
Where can you help me?
How should it end?
All right.
Good.
I'm glad you asked.
Can you tell me a little bit what it's about so that I can?
Uh, it is about a woman who was born with the voice of a man.
This sounds like a terrible idea.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
It's a stupid, cheap joke.
Whatever she said.
I'm going to send that.
A woman with the voice of a man, like literally physically, like she, when she speaks, she
sounds like a dude.
Sounds like a metaphor for like.
Oh, it's no metaphor.
Okay.
Is it based on a friend of yours?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
So she just has a lower register voice.
She sounds like a straight up dude.
Oh, okay.
Like this.
And so, all right, so.
The most beautiful woman you've ever seen.
All right.
So does she cross a threshold of starting to sound like a dude?
No, there's no threshold.
So it's like fade in on a woman that sounds like a guy.
And then like.
Fade in.
Right.
So then what happens?
Like what separates the Peter Weller from the Robocop?
Like what's the, what's the, what's the threshold?
I'm a very pedantic screenwriter.
Like I'm very structured.
Like so we have to cross like when does Jaws roll into Amity?
When does, you know, what's the yellow brick road that we start going down?
Like what's the point where we realize?
Oh shit.
She sounds like a guy, but now she's got to work as a telemarketer and all female.
She does Gillette commercials.
Gillette commercials.
And like selling rates, so it's like a reverse tootsie.
Yes.
Okay.
She gets a job.
That's how we're selling it is reverse tootsie.
That's how anything good thing should be sold.
I thought our reverse tootsie is when you poop on somebody's chest.
You can get a reverse tootsie in Brooklyn for $40.
Same as in town.
Can you demonstrate what that is as well?
Yeah.
For those of you listening at home, I'm putting my ankle above my neck.
And my hand is reaching down.
I'm putting my middle finger up my asshole.
Yeah.
Holy shit.
And now if I could just reach my...
Yeah.
Reverse tootsie.
All right.
Enjoy that in Nashville.
You've never added in Nashville.
All right.
So how should it end?
Okay.
Well, I assume it should end with...
So I'm assuming like she...
Okay.
She talks like a guy.
She sounds like a guy.
She goes down a road of trials and she meets with some goddess, blah, blah, blah.
I'm not...
All right.
So she's happy at a certain point that she does sound like a guy or either that.
If it faded in on her sounding like a guy, the threshold might be her starting to sound
like a woman successfully, at which point at the midpoint she...
Hold on a second.
Are you taking notes?
All right.
So...
Have you already written this movie?
Yeah.
All right.
She's good.
She just needs an ending.
She needs an ending.
Okay.
That's a clue.
You know how they had the three endings.
All right.
I have to workshop it from the beginning.
I have to like feel it.
I have to run my hands over the story.
So Jeff, can you help me?
Maya, can we thank Maya and then we'll...
Maya.
We're going to give her her ending.
Thank you, Maya.
Thank you.
On behalf of all white men, thank you for being a black woman.
Beautiful, beautiful, wonderful, noble black woman.
Blacksikin.
Let's not get...
I mean, when we get down to that, like, I'm probably eight things.
Let's keep things binary.
That's how I'm comfortable.
You're either one race or another.
God damn it.
Which I demand it.
All right.
Okay.
So fade in, Jeff.
The woman who sounded like a guy.
Okay.
What age do we start her at?
I think we just fade in.
She's 30 years old.
She's doing her PowerPoint presentation for her ad firm.
Okay.
And furthermore, ad sales will go up if we use our ad firm to sell ads.
It seems like a simplistic idea,
but sometimes the thing that's most obvious
is the thing that you need to do first.
My name's...
I have to interrupt Mrs. Temaris.
Yes, Glenn?
As a powerful, white, icky male,
I'm having a hard time listening to you,
staring at your perfect tits and ass,
and combining that with the incredibly dulcet masculine voice
that you've been laying down.
Cut to just the title card,
but there's no music,
because this is a beautiful independent film
that's going to win an Oscar.
So it just says, like, dude voice.
And then she's on an airplane.
Ladies and gentlemen, your captain
has been landing in Los Angeles.
Just keep your eyes on the window and saying captain stuff.
So, you hear business for pleasure.
I've been noticing you throughout the flight.
I'm a little shy.
Yeah, I'm married, but we're getting separated.
I just didn't want this whole flight to go by
and not connect with your user.
Incredibly beautiful, fragile, wonderful...
Thank you.
Sorry, is something wrong with your voice?
Oh, laryngitis.
Really?
You know, I can give you something for that.
Sorry, the captain's saying something for me.
Ladies and gentlemen, your penis.
That's aeronautic talk for the Grand Canyon.
We just flew over it.
We're on our way to Los Angeles.
Oh, thank you for flagging.
You know, I'm also...
I'm getting separated.
My wife didn't like the fact that what I do for a living
is I make the world's most delicious soothing
and restorative chicken soup.
If you want to come back to my place,
I'll give you some chicken soup
and then I can hear you talk.
My name is Jessica.
Oh, Jesus Christ!
He pooped his pants.
All right, well, that's the crossing of the...
Well, that's not the crossing of the threshold.
That's the call to adventure, and we'll pick up...
We need to do, like, another...
We'll do another chapter of that in a little bit.
I don't want to get bogged down with that.
Oh, yeah, that story's got legs.
I think a Billy Crystal or Robin Williams
might end up playing a magical shopkeeper
in that movie.
I think something's going to happen on page 17
that's going to make that thing break wide.
Can we bring a special guest to the stage?
Neil Diamond, everybody.
If you could pick, Dan...
Hang on, let me queue up some...
There's plenty of music for this.
If you could pick anybody to bring up on the stage.
Anybody in the whole city of New York.
Out of all the people.
Maybe somebody like that is a perfect mixture of somebody
that's from here, is a funny person,
and that we've known from our humble beginnings
doing terrible improv just like that.
Ladies and gentlemen, Jason Sudeikis is here.
Is our friend Jason Sudeikis...
I think you guys thought I was kidding.
No, you can...
Any way that you're comfortable,
you can sit in a chair,
you can stand behind the mic.
Anything you want, man.
Anything you want.
Alright, let's do it.
Let's hear about your wife and kids
and trips to the dentist.
Friends from the neighborhood!
No idea what to talk to you about
or do with you, but I thought it was cool
that we were in town.
We've never had anything before.
We just go and drink.
Does anyone but us call you Suds?
No, Suds is the longest-lasting.
Cool.
Yes, a lot of people do.
Oh, okay.
I don't know what to...
No, it's not an original nickname.
But it's been the long...
It's a good one. It's the best one.
Tell us something criminal
about Lord Michael.
Something that would get you in a huge amount of trouble.
Something that would make him seem
like a giant asshole and get him
in all kinds of legal trouble
and destroy and scandalize.
Something that would be in TMZ tomorrow
if you said it.
Something horrible
that would profit you nothing and cost you everything.
Yeah.
Oh, boy. Just one?
Just one?
Gosh, I guess it would be
that he...
you know...
I'm going to answer this, honestly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll edit it out.
He, you know...
Sandusky took the fall for him.
They knew each other from Toronto
and they like...
And he just...
It's like the guy that took the hit
and never snitched for Jay-Z.
It's a very similar...
I forget the guy's name.
He's referencing that song, Klick.
Yeah.
Sandusky was like,
and Lorne was like,
you know, thanks, chair.
What are the five...
And that's just through reading emails,
sifting through his emails when he's away from the...
I mean, that's not...
I haven't seen him do anything with kids, right?
Well, I was actually...
I meant the recruiting violations.
That's fine.
It's all...
Honestly, he's the best thing
for him at this point.
Okay, what are the burrows?
Because I want to do some...
If and when I rap tonight, I want to be like that one guy
that I heard in that one rap
where he was going, I got Queens in my hand
and I got Brooklyn on my thumb
and I got...
We got Bronx, Staten Island, Queens,
New Jersey, Manhattan.
Someone slipped New Jersey in there?
Yeah.
There's crafty sons of bitches.
They snuck it in.
Oh, come on.
Hey, was it...
I believe Brooklyn was its own city
until like 1898
when it was annexed by New York.
So isn't New Jersey kind of a...
Maybe you're jealous that they never succumbed
to an annexation.
I don't know.
Why don't you marry New York
if you like being annexed so much?
I don't know.
Maybe New Jersey's
like a little something to look up to.
They're proud, they're independent.
I think...
No.
Who's...
How many people are from New Jersey right here?
What would you do without these people?
I think it's weird that
there's half the people from New Jersey screaming,
the other half just raised their hand.
That's what I wouldn't have anticipated
based on the television programs.
I thought it would have been this.
Yeah.
They need professors too in New Jersey.
I don't understand
this New Jersey class system,
like this whole thing.
I'm from Wisconsin and then I lived in Los Angeles.
So I don't understand the whole
New Jersey thing,
like the take a dump on New Jersey.
What did they do?
Can you tell me as a New Yorker?
I live in Kansas City.
By way.
I don't know. I guess it's kind of like,
no, I have no idea.
You're right here.
Do we have a New Jersey person?
We have a New Jersey hater.
Come up.
What's your name?
I'm Noah.
Noah.
Let's not boo people.
Let's not treat him like he's from New Jersey.
All right, Noah.
What's the New York,
what's the justification for the New Jersey hatred?
Well, New Jersey basically
takes all the shitty stuff
that New York needs and just takes it
and puts it in their state.
And so I guess I'm thankful for that,
but at the same time, whenever I go there,
it smells really, really bad.
All right. I don't know.
As a Los Angeles,
whole city around you,
not known for its bouquet.
Uh...
So, all right.
I guess it's...
I'm not going to solve this problem.
I thought I would come here and I could heal people.
You only have theory over here.
All right, ma'am, come on up.
It would be nice if you were black, but come on up.
Okay, she's Jewish, close enough.
White black, white black.
What's your name?
Okay, Lisa, do you know Noah?
Oh God, Noah disappeared.
Noah turned into a cup of beer.
More like Goa.
That's kind of, no, that's nice.
We applaud that behavior.
Noah dismissed himself and took his seat.
People from Jersey wouldn't do that.
I'm kidding.
He had to leave. There was a flood warning.
Oh, stupid, stupid joke.
I don't even get it.
Noah, flood.
Oh, Noah. Wow, that was stupid.
Holy shit.
All right.
Bible, Bible.
Bible jokes.
All right, well, I'm sorry.
Melissa was it? Lisa.
I was totally close.
It's all the letters are in there.
All the letters are in there.
Why did we bring you up?
I can't remember.
Recently, New Jersey annexed the Statue of Liberty from New York.
And that's straight crap.
So New Jersey stole the Statue of Liberty?
Yeah.
Well, that's a dick move.
The whole point of that Statue
is that people can do whatever they want.
You can't just hoard it.
Yeah.
Yeah, we let New Jerseyans in through that Statue.
You can't just take it on your way out.
That's crazy.
Okay, all right. Fuck New Jersey.
All right.
All right. Thank you, Lisa.
I guess that's Melissa.
Do you remember when David Copperfield
made the Statue of Liberty disappear?
I sure do.
You guys are 20. You don't remember.
But I was watching it on TV.
I was like 10 years old.
How else would you have watched it at that point?
Yeah, I wasn't like Macaulay Culkin.
I didn't like journey out here.
I was watching it on TV
and he made it disappear
with like his brain.
And there was like a radar thing next to him
that showed up and there was a blip that disappeared.
And then he was like,
oh, it's gone.
And then they showed that it was gone.
I was a 10-year-old kid.
I was watching it by myself when my parents were downstairs
like having a party or something.
And I don't know, there were keys involved
and some bowl.
And
I just
like,
I kind of like, I was marvel.
I was like, oh shit, he made it disappear.
And I kind of turned off the TV
that he made the Statue of Liberty disappear forever.
I kept, I was like talking to people
at school going like, all that work.
You know, it's like crazy.
It's like, and then some magical guy comes along
and just, like I was like
being really profound about it.
Like I had some insight into it.
And then someone said, no, he made it
reappear after you turned off the TV.
It's like a real deep level
of object permanence for you.
Yeah.
Like were you good at peekaboo as a kid?
Me too.
I was the best at peekaboo.
If I can't see it, it does not exist.
What is that?
This is my Samsung Gigantor.
Is that a phone?
Yeah, the SUV of phones.
Dan, here's an iPad mini.
Hold yours up next to mine.
Look at that.
It's not...
All right.
Pretty big.
Jody Foster, all right.
Let's bring her out.
You never know now.
You can't get her out.
Can't get her out. She's a tease.
You can tiptoe around it.
That was a weird speech.
I don't have to tell anybody that was a weird speech.
You have to tell people that didn't watch The Golden Globes.
Like you assume everybody did.
Every year we do this with all these award shows.
People, these actors come out and they make these weird speeches.
Oh, here we go.
I feel like...
There needs...
Shouldn't they have a sign?
Is there like a door you go through before you got something to award?
Are you going to make an awkward speech for us?
Like in that genre?
Oh, no. I can try that.
And the winner for fired off of most television series.
The Golden Globe goes to Dan Harmon.
Hey.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you for this award.
I know that you don't care.
I accept it. I really appreciate it.
I'm going home now. Thank you.
There. That's not so hard, is it?
I feel like there should be a sign above the doorway you go through
before you accept the award that says they don't care.
Just as a reminder, really quick.
It's going to sound like they care.
There's a lot of actors out there applauding you.
And People Magazine cares.
And TMZ cares.
But largely not enough people that are watching care for you to go out and...
I missed what happened. What did you do?
It was just odd.
It was just odd. That's all.
It's the 950th odd moment in an award show's history.
The Golden Globes famously is the director of that decided
that they should seat people with really funny mismatchings.
And there's a lot to booze on that table.
I've only ever watched one.
I think there may have been a bag of pills on her table.
I just know that Annette Benning was absolutely shithouse drunk.
By the third thing.
And she was sitting across from MC Hammer or somebody.
Annette Benning.
Did Bubsy come out this year?
What was she in?
I don't know. It was a few years ago.
I didn't watch him. I just watched the YouTube clip.
It was weird.
She quoted some SNL bit I've never seen.
And then she...
Not that I don't watch it every week.
She said, I'm 50. I'm 50.
And then made this weird Jeff Goldblum face.
How did you know it was from SNL then?
Except my girlfriend told me that. She's 28.
That tracks. That tracks.
That's all it takes.
The internet would also have been acceptable.
All right. Let's do some old school.
I tried to get Matlock on you.
I said, well, how did you...
If you've never seen it.
No, you guys are safe. You're safe.
You're a comedic institution. You're fine.
Dan, name a couple of your favorite Jason Sudeikas sketches
from the last season or two.
I mean, you've known him for a good long time.
I like his Joseph Biden impression.
All right.
I like the funny tracksuit guy
that does the dancing
on the guy.
And he says, say what?
I thought about making him come out and do that.
But I was going to start rapping.
And then he'd come out and do the tracksuit dance.
But I was like, you don't win.
I was like, you don't win.
I was like, oh, you can do it.
I was like, y'all, you can do it.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Date line Brooklyn, New York.
I fucked your momma with a spoon and a fork.
I fucked your momma all the way to the bridge.
Fucked your momma so hard that Ford had had a wrench.
She was a Klingon.
Fucked her south.
But fuck your mama, I was all the rage, break down.
There are seven boroughs of New York, East Stanton,
Queen Town, Poughkeepsie,
Old Jersey, Bronx City, Stanton Island.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, each of my fingers is a borough in New York.
I got Queens on my thumb, it's a fork.
I'm gonna stab my middle finger with it.
That Stanton Island, I don't give a fuck.
Shit, I gotta work on that, I gotta work on that.
And by the end of the night, I'm gonna have,
it's gonna be like a metaphor, like each of my fingers is a,
it's a borough in New York, kind of a fucking sling rock with it.
It's a sling rock with my hand.
Each one-fifth of my hand is a different borough.
I'm gonna fucking do it.
Stanton Island is my thumb, get shit done.
Queens, you know what I mean?
Middle finger, fuck you.
Stanton Island again, I can't fucking, Bronx.
I think that'll loosen you up once you,
once you accept the other boroughs.
Like that'll give you, different things to rhyme with.
Ring finger, straight downtown.
Good fucking mama, Stanton Island.
Ooh.
It's close.
Dan, I think in the back of your head,
you were expecting to be bailed out by Jason
coming up and doing his little dance.
And you were just kind of putting placeholders out there.
No, I don't put that, I don't put that on other performers.
He's up here as a guest.
I don't care what anyone does.
I think it is time for a Joe Biden rap.
Joe Biden's gonna rap in a minute.
I'm gonna set him up, then you're gonna be in it.
Joe Biden's gonna do some rapping.
It's not gonna be hack, it's gonna be long lasted.
You'll be talking about it on the way home.
Joe Biden's gonna rap, he's gonna do it alone.
Joe Biden's gonna rap to the stage.
Joe Biden, here it goes.
I mean, you know, I...
I appreciate the opportunity, Dan.
It's really great to be here.
I'd really just like to talk about gun control,
if that's all right.
Yeah!
You know, if it doesn't have to rhyme, it's easier for me.
I just...
Simple man, you know, I just...
Does NBC own that?
Am I gonna have to license that?
Yeah, they have to ask...
Joe Biden has to ask NBC if he can do it.
It's fine, it's Comcast.
It's Comcast.
Jason, I have a question.
When you remember the cast, I know there's a lot of...
I wouldn't say political stuff,
but it's hard to get your sketches in the show.
You can write a funny sketch, it may not make it in the show.
And there's people that I think are probably,
you know, in the past have been more forward,
better at getting their stuff into the reeds,
making it past the reeds through his into the show,
than other people.
Because now it's written in stone
that the show is always going to start more or less
with a political piece.
So when a new political figure comes on the scene
and you kind of look like that person,
is it like the greatest day of your life?
Oh, I fucking got Biden.
It may be early, I think it probably is early on.
I would say that...
Well, for me, with Joe Biden,
I played him in like Halloween of 2009
around then because Barack Obama came to do the show
and myself and Bill Hader, Bill played like Chris Dodd,
I think, and I played Joe Biden.
And then cut to the summer of...
No, the summer of...
So that would have been 07.
So then cut to the summer of 08.
Sorry, Halloween of 2007.
This is awful.
This is the part you're going to have to cut out, you know?
But, yeah, so August 08,
Obama names Biden as his guy, as VP.
And then Fred Armisen, who was playing Obama at that point,
texted me going, hey, man, congrats.
Like, with no, like, context.
No, no context.
No context, congrats.
I was like, oh, what? I'm Biden.
And I was like, what? What about it?
Like, he got picked. Yeah, it was so what?
He goes, well, you played him. I go, I do?
So I forgot because, like...
I mean, I wear like a bald cap and fake teeth.
I mean, I put up...
They put a little fake nose tip on me.
It's a long way from, you know, just Chevy Chase
is going out there and falling down, or like,
damn, damn, accurate claim.
We'll never get back there again.
No, yeah.
That's right, you know him.
I know him better than anyone.
I have worked with him longer than anyone.
Literally the entire TV industry.
Because I've known you since forever.
That, like, that, like...
I don't even think about you and him.
Like, that's so funny.
I've known you for years and years before.
And that's what went down.
So I'm just talking about shit in the world.
And then I realized, oh, you used it. Yeah, you...
We're tight. You forget. We're tightness.
Humble brag. Life is weird.
I just to remind you, like,
I texted Chevy because we're in New York
and he's often in New York.
So I texted him to see if he could make it.
Spoilers, he can't.
But I know, I know, I know.
You would have loved it.
He would have made a little...
Between Jeff and I, you will get enough, like,
a garnish of Chevy Chase, possibly,
throughout just the performance, I would say.
Maybe just, like... What?
Just as far as, just, like, you know,
just, you know, whatever way.
I just want to share...
I'm going to get drunk and send Dan racist voicemails.
I wouldn't say, I wouldn't say, like,
the newest version.
Maybe at his most Thai web.
At his most...
I can't do his impression.
You know, I'm not talking about impression.
I'm talking about...
What am I talking about? Height.
Oh, I got that.
Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Watch this, watch this. Jason, you're going to love this.
Yep.
Woo!
Now, fall down, fall down.
I texted him,
I'm doing my show in Brooklyn tomorrow night.
Are you in New York?
And three hours later, he texted back the word
country.
How do you spell it?
Is it two words or one word?
Does he call you a name?
Yeah, that is like...
Does he have a treasure map he's going to give you?
Country!
Is that the password to deactivate his
burglar alarm? Like, what?
Who is he mistaking me for?
I tell you what he said, he texted,
his last text was the word country.
I don't want to know what this guy meant. Who was this guy?
What did he mean to people? Country.
It's not too like...
Citizen Chase, that was Citizen Chase.
Let's try it, Kyle.
Please pick up the phone.
My phone's ringing.
Come on, do it, Chevy.
He does have a voicemail, right?
This is...
This is the stand-in for Chevy Chase.
He can't come to the phone right now,
but I'm going to get over to him
as soon as I can,
as soon as I can, as soon as I can,
as soon as I can on the stand.
At the telecom, please record your message.
Joe Biden. Joe Biden leaves the message.
I got more, Chris.
Joe Biden message.
Hey, Chevy, it's Joe Biden, Vice President.
I just want to say we thank you for being
a great patriot and have fun in the country.
We hope you're...
The country you always want to go back
to though is America.
All right, there we go.
It's a pretty low stakes prank.
We're not exactly the jerky boys.
Also, he has your phone number in his phone.
Yeah, that's true.
Also, I forgot.
Yeah.
It's not going to say Joe Biden.
It's not exactly the perfect crime.
It's going to say fat alcoholic asshole or whatever he has me in his phone.
I love that you're skirting around the fact that my impression of Joe Biden, and much
less anybody sounds anything like Joe Biden.
I love that Fred Armisen called and was like, oh, we got it.
We did it.
I was like, you don't look or sound anything like Joe Biden.
Yeah, but I've played him once before, so that's what gets said in stone.
I know.
That's what's amazing.
In TV writing, in LA, it's like, well, if you, like a community, sometimes people,
you never know who wrote a script that had a character in it, like Leonard or something.
It's like, there's always weird shit with like, oh, I wrote, I created that character
because I wrote that episode, and it's like, it actually translates into royalties and
shit, and it gets pretty grody.
There's no reason to talk about that.
Edit that out.
Should we bring up Spencer at this point then?
Yeah.
Let's bring Spencer.
Jason has no way, he's never heard the show, he doesn't know.
Standing ovation for Spencer.
I wasn't asking for it, I was just reporting it, reporting it.
Spencer's our Dungeon Master.
He plays Dungeons and Dragons with us.
Spencer is our Dungeon Master, he plays Dungeons and Dragons with us.
Do you have a heart out?
Do you need to go be married to Olivia Wilde or anything?
No, we haven't set a date on it.
Congratulations, right?
Thank you.
That wasn't secret news, was it?
She's Tron, right?
Well, you can't get engaged to Tron and have it be a secret, she's glowing.
Yeah, you can see her from a mile away.
No, I mean it's not a secret anymore, I don't think it was never really a secret, it's just
something you know.
Let's call her.
She's asleep, she's in the country.
A different country.
She's down-resing.
Yeah.
I'm trying to remember my Tron jokes, because I want to kill in Brooklyn, is why.
That's the brass ring, I'm trying to remember my Tron jokes.
Original Tron jokes, hopefully.
If you lose your identity disc, I'm sorry.
You will be subjected to immediate...
An end of lying, Dillinger.
Something like that.
Spencer, do you have any Tron references?
The Tron discs.
20, 23-year-old Spencer, hey, Spencer, can we do a new segment, I don't want to spring
this on you, I want to do a new segment called Spencer's Complaints About Looney Tunes.
Here we go.
Yes.
Spencer has a very, very arched opinion about it.
Is there a theme song you can play for us?
We've been riding on a tour bus with Spencer, so we're learning all about each other.
This is our sixth stop.
The other shoe will not drop with Spencer.
Everything you learn about him, he becomes more and more awesome.
The latest thing, he has got a fucking hook in his craw.
What's the expression?
A bee in his bonnet.
A hook in his craw?
I don't know.
He is up in arms about Looney Tunes for specific reasons.
Here's our first installment of Spencer Hates Looney Tunes, let me get some music.
Spencer's Complaints About Looney Tunes.
So that Daffy Duck, fuck that guy.
No, I don't know, he just sucks, I mean, does anyone like him?
Why?
Do you like that he's like self-entitled, or that he just feels compelled for it to
be rabbit season?
I mean, when he's fighting with Bugs Bunny, it's hard, like, because they're both assholes
and they both deserve to be shot and killed.
So I mean, when it's both of those, you can kind of, Daffy Duck's kind of okay, but otherwise,
fuck him.
Ladies and gentlemen, that's Spencer, Hates Looney Tunes.
Spencer's Complaints About Looney Tunes.
All right, Spencer, despite the character sheets, let's get Erin McGathy to the stage
too to play some, you want to stay?
You want to play some D&D?
Yeah.
I've never played.
You don't have to know anything.
All right.
There might be something for Jason to do, like you could play ancillary characters, like
we're going to play Judges and Dragons.
Can we do a, can we set up a Settlers of Catan board on stage left and like, yeah, that's
my nerd shit.
That's the stuff I like.
So yeah, you guys have characters?
Settlers of Catan is some jersey shit.
Erin McGathy?
Aaron, you out there?
Come on up, Erin McGathy, everybody.
Hello, Aaron.
I'd like to introduce one of my best friends.
Our moms both died of the same cancer, Eddie Geller.
My one comp during the tour.
Oh, I didn't know.
It was great.
No, it's fine.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you that your seat was up front.
Thanks for being a good sport.
Thanks for being on my mom.
Our moms are dead.
All right.
Cancer is the loony tunes of disease, brother.
Spencer, get us up to date in our campaign if you would be so kind.
Still, when we last met probably, do you want me to stop, Spencer?
No, I'm good.
Last time are heroes.
Last time our heroes had just reunited in the starboard side of the flying black airship,
sirens blaring and canyons firing.
After splitting up in a dramatic fashion, Quark had been infiltrating Dark Star's vessel,
but now together with the power of Buttsalot's teleporting cape, Sharpian Mulraine quickly
ported to Quark.
Blasting open a large door, they worked their way through the ship.
After facing down a nine-naked foe with a wicked whip, the party gained access to a room
full of lockers.
They found treasure from a Lute of Charming to some beads of force to some magic arrows.
Using a magical staff they found, the party ascended through some sort of hatch in the
floor.
So less dramatic.
Do you guys remember you were in a room full of treasure, you found like this magic staff
and you were writing it to the top?
That's just what happened.
Yeah.
If there's any bad guys or anything, Jason, you can play them.
No, I'm checking my shit.
So there's a hatch right above you, since you can't all pop through at the same time,
so you're going to have to figure out an order to go in.
All right.
Ladies first.
Ah, thank you.
You just...
Newly lady.
Jason, I just turned into a woman.
Oh, that's great.
Thank you.
Within the game.
Yes, within the game.
No, no, no.
I'll go first.
It's a gentleman's obligation.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right, then who, who's next and who's last?
I'll bring up the rear.
All right.
So I'll be...
Can we talk about what happened in the hotel room today?
Yes.
Is this...
Is it sexist?
No, we can talk about it.
I don't know your frame too.
You want me to roll a six and a nine?
Oh.
Oh, my God.
When you go on a month long tour with your girlfriend, that guarantees that there's going to be
a moment like today where you burst into tears out of nowhere and said, I just want you to
love me.
Yeah.
And we're crying.
I don't...
Adventure.
I'm sorry, ladies, because I don't want to out us, but I believe that I am about to have
my period.
Oh.
I don't get angry, my PMS style isn't angry, it's just tears, and I said to Dan, hey,
out of nowhere, hey, is everything cool?
And he said to me, hey, Erin, you got to deal with the shit on your own.
I'm not soliciting a boo, I'm not soliciting a boo, but I just started crying and I was
like, Erin, just go to the mirror and just look in the mirror and you'll be fine, but
somehow looking at myself crying in the mirror made me cry more.
So then when I came back to Dan, I was covered in tears and like swollen and just like, this
is dumb and then I'm pretty new in most of it.
And I didn't know I was looking at my laptop and I just heard, Dan, and I looked up and
I was like, Jesus Christ, what's happening?
Hey guys, guys, are you going to climb this staff or what?
I hate the motion.
I'm sitting down on a magic staff like an asshole down here.
I just wanted to say, because I'm bad at it when we're one on one, because I'm like a
Jim Carrey type who can only express himself through entertainment.
I'm very sorry that you had period feelings today and I will be there for you through
all your periods.
All of them, they come every month.
Yeah, but maybe not next month, right?
Yeah, I don't like using condoms.
All right, let's get back to the end.
I'm sorry.
It's okay, it's okay.
I just thought it was amazing.
Hey Jason, can we talk about what happened in the hotel room earlier with me and you?
Does Olivia ever cry for no reason?
I'd rather not.
Jason, you have an amazing, beautiful, wonderful, fianc, yeah, she cries for no reason sometimes.
She's brand new, you're going to find out that there's a derezification that happens.
Her Ram is going to mainframe her.
A year, a year.
Yeah, well, we've been together a year.
Yeah, well, I meant to have mood swings too.
We sure do.
Yeah.
Do I need to turn this thing on at all or something?
Yeah, no, that's for the movie that you're now in.
What's the, I forget our song guys name.
Is there one more mic for Jason while we're up here?
No?
Oh, this is for the video.
Yeah, this is for the live crowd.
All right, sorry, I'm sorry about that.
I just, yes, sometimes she does cry, but it's...
Gorgeous.
You come when she cries.
Oh, go on.
She cries and looks in the mirror and goes, oh yeah.
She cries and dear walk into the room and lick her tears off of her gorgeous face.
Revlon, just Revlon falling off or just dripping on the mascara.
Is she literally the Revlon model?
She must be.
God damn it.
They actually, Revlon actually uses the mascara that drips off of her cheeks.
They bottle it and give it to regular women.
I'm the Teflon role model.
Oh, that's great.
Yeah.
That's great.
Jason, how integral and your fiance falling in love with you was your Joe Biden impression?
I would say the Mitt Romney maybe had more...
Well, I think she already loved me at that point, but I think Mitt Romney had more to do with it
and she's very active politically on the...
We'll lease back then on the opposite side.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Jason, do you ever get sick of how beautiful she is?
Do you ever just want to throw a brick at her nose?
I haven't.
It's actually really, really neat.
Oh, it's true love.
It's true love.
Like soaking wet or with no makeup on.
You look at her and you're just kind of like, yeah, all right.
Yeah, she's an angel.
She's an angel.
Yeah, she can say really hard mean stuff, you know, or not mean, but like, you know...
Also, you're an angel.
Sure.
Two angels.
Two angels met in heaven on earth and are now marrying.
Wonderful angels.
That's fact.
I mean, that's fact.
Congratulations.
Yeah, thank you.
My dialogue will be put in a card that will be sent to you.
I appreciate it.
I'll take it.
I'm starting to feel like she's mad that she's with me.
No, no, no, no, no.
Not at all.
All right.
No.
Sorry, Spencer.
It's all good.
I'm enjoying myself.
I just wanted to make sure we didn't leave Brooklyn without a human moment, you know.
Like, I want to make sure that these guys get their money's worth.
Brooklyn makes sure of that too.
And that's what I like about Brooklyn.
Brooklyn, make sure you don't leave without a human moment either.
Oh, it's Brooklyn Governor, Mel Poops.
Mel Poops.
Oh.
P-U-U-P-S, it's Dutch.
Brooklyn has its own governor.
Did you know that, Jeff?
I did not know that.
Yeah.
It's not Mel Poops.
I know that.
What's your name?
Marty Markowitz.
Marty Markowitz?
I think I have my pants tailored by him, I think.
All right, Spencer.
You'll get the best pants for your body shape.
That's the Mel Markowitz guarantee.
Marty Markowitz, sorry.
Also, I'm the governor.
Ask me about my state.
Buy a suit, I'll govern you.
You want a pardon?
Buy suits from me.
Tuesday is belt day.
Come in, get a belt.
I'll govern you.
Let me govern those slacks and your trousers.
The first person to buy three suits, I'll appoint district attorney.
Does your waistline need to be legislated?
I'm Marty Markowitz.
I'll cuff your pants and make a law.
For every two pairs of pants, you get to make a law.
All right, sorry, Spencer.
All right.
Popping your head through the hatch, you are facing four large black leather chairs.
You see four people in this room.
A large steering wheel stands in the center,
and a huge glass panel behind you reveals the world below.
Standing at the wheel is a large, darkly armored knight,
staring ahead and guiding the wheel gently.
As you enter, three of the other people leap to their feet.
They're wearing orange coveralls stained with dark spots.
They quickly yell at you in abyssal.
How did you get in here?
Jason and Jacob can do some of those parts.
I'm one of the four people I think involved here, aren't I?
Yeah, I could have you that, or you could be a good guy.
No, don't tell me how you can make it. Tell me what it is.
There's four people in this room, and you can be one of them.
Be one of the bad guys, yell at me in abyssal.
One of those guys has got to be Admiral Darkstar,
the guy in the middle, right?
You actually recognize, although similarly clothed, it's not the same man.
The sidebar is super tough to be a dungeon master
when a guy's got you on his tour bus, right?
Yeah, because if I kill off his character,
he's just going to dump me.
Yeah, I'll be like, oh, your coffee didn't roll a three against my piss, did it?
We'll drink your coffee then, right?
It's your bunked and saved versus being shit in.
I know purify food and drink.
Wow.
Dungeon Snap! Dungeon Snap!
All right, so you want to yell at him then?
Can we just stop and say that we're at the Bell House in Brooklyn.
We have to be the first show to play D&D on stage here, right?
No? Maybe not.
It was Ryan Postaine here earlier.
Sorry.
Ryan Adams may have done a song about it, maybe.
So what's my motivation? What am I yelling at about?
You're a crewman, and some random dude just popped up through this bottom hatch
in what's normally an inaccessible area of the ship.
What the fludge?
From this place, a swear word's like, oh fuck, yeah.
The bottom of the ship's broken.
Do you want to climb out of the hole,
or you're just kind of like poking out of this whole whack-a-mole style?
I cast Summon Monster 2 into the bridge, and then drop down.
Okay.
What a monster do you want to summon?
Last time I think you summoned a celestial bee.
Yeah.
All right, all right, squid, squid.
Casting your hands in a magical manner.
A large fengish squid appears in the room.
I drop down.
I put my hands on one of the guards,
trapping in under its bulk.
What the fuck?
Fludge?
Guys, there's four people up there in black armor.
I put a squid on them, but I'll be darned if I'm not tapped.
Black ink drips down from the floor above.
I fire two arrows.
Okay, so you're not currently in the room, so you poke your head up and do that?
We're still down below the hatch.
I climb above, I'm sorry, I thought I was above the hatch.
Okay.
I climb above and I fire two arrows.
Oh, shit.
You fire both of the arrows.
They go wild.
One strikes you in the foot.
You take seven damage and fall down the shaft.
I deserved it.
Someone hates arrows and booed me.
In the audience, she rolled double critical fails.
That's what you get for having a period.
So we have...
Was it a critical attack on the squid on the one guy?
You don't know how exactly that played out.
But we just know he's got a squid on him, so he subdued for a bit.
Well, you don't know what happened.
You just saw your friend shoot an arrow into her foot and fall off.
I disregard that and climb up the hatch and jump into the room.
Shocking.
Launching into the room, you're met with a grizzly scene.
Although the black, dark-armored figure hasn't moved from the wheel,
three of the men lie trapped under the squid.
They seem unable to move.
Can I just go up to him with my great flaming sword and poke him on the side while they're under the squid?
No, because I put the thing on autopilot and turned to face you.
Yes.
Jason Sudakis, ladies and gentlemen.
He's judging the fuck out of this dragon.
So you're the pilot of this ship, is your motivation?
I go into...
Where are my hit points at?
Hey, guys, I gotta find out where my hit points are, okay?
What are my hit points?
Right now you're at 33.
The amulet got me back to 33?
Yeah.
Alright, is this a good time to go into a berserker rage?
Sounds like it.
Can I use intimidate, too?
You could do...
I would prefer you didn't.
Intimidate first, rage later.
Okay, I intimidate first.
Okay.
Are you going to intimidate the black-armored figure?
I'm going to take my shirt off and intimidate this guy.
You feel rather intimidated.
You seem like he might kick your ass if you're not careful.
This guides your actions.
Okay, great.
So then I go into a berserker rage.
You see a halfling before you.
He's a good four feet tall, but now he's swelling, growing in size,
rippling with muscles.
Ladies, come on.
So now he's half big?
Are you going to attack?
Yeah, a flaming great sword attack.
Flaming great sword attack.
You missed, sorry.
Swinging wide, your blade catches just the tip of his helmet.
That's where you want it.
So I circumcised him.
We'll see.
I regroup.
You regroup.
What is my spell Tasha's hideous laughter?
It afflicts the person with a dangerous laughter.
They can't take any other actions because they're rolling on the floor so hard.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Well, I better crawl up into the fray here.
Crawling up into the fray.
You crawl up into the fray.
Hey, there's a time and a place for the ray of frost.
Oh, I did mention you're holding an axe, by the way.
It's a pretty wicked axe.
Yeah, I know.
Like a Gibson Les Paul or something like that?
It may be.
It's better than your loop.
Dungeon Snap.
So I'm a halfling and this dark armor dude.
I'm taking on these people.
He's the halfling.
I was describing what you were seeing.
Oh, okay.
You're this darker.
I'm still this guy in this armor.
Do a thing.
It's your turn.
It's my turn.
Oh, all right.
I want to, you know what I'd like to do?
I'd like to crush up a billiard ball and blow it in its face
like a smooth criminal.
Nice.
That happens.
I'm going to say it again just really quick
because I want to get it right in my mind.
I want to grab a cue ball off a nearby billiard table.
I want to grab it.
I want to hold up in front of it like this.
I want to crush it in my hand to show my superior strength
and then I would just be on a real fucking nonchalant bit
and it'd go in his face.
Very similar to the laughter thing,
but it's from a smooth criminal.
The barbarian is blinded.
Okay.
Now I want to suck his dick.
What kind of cockpit is this?
No.
Properly named one?
I don't know.
What kind of cockpit is this?
No, I want to...
Okay, so now I got him dazed.
I got him dazed.
He's dazed.
He's off balance.
Okay, so now I want to...
Again, I want to sweep the leg.
I want to sweep the leg.
It's a bit difficult to maneuver,
but you are wearing heavy armor.
You sweep him.
Yeah, of course.
He falls to the front ground.
His raging barbarian mind can barely comprehend
the horizontality of his body.
I want to open up a little door in my seat.
I then want to allow a fart to secrete.
I want to do it right on his face
and it concentrates right in that one space.
Halfling, are you okay?
Are you okay?
Are you okay, halfling?
I feel like my guy,
even though he's dressed this way,
I kind of want to make him more of an imp.
I guess that is what I'm getting at here.
You know he's doing a little playful thing.
So I just want to scooch down.
I want to put my...
Yeah.
He farted in the face.
In Halo, they call it T-Bagging.
Yeah, yeah, T-Bagging.
But this is, it's more...
With a cherry on top.
I assume he has a halfling,
he's half the size of a human being,
but his senses are probably stronger,
so that would do damage.
He is nauseated, although not damaged.
I'm crushing, okay.
Now I want to go through his iPod
and make fun of the songs on it.
Alright, it's Dan's turn.
There's one song in his iPod,
and let me see if I can riff on it.
Another Day in Paradise by Phil Collins.
Just another Day in Paradise?
Yeah, yeah, come down against homeless people.
Let's see it do it.
It's a song about homeless people.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, he watched that guy die
and didn't do anything about it,
he said write a song about it,
so I don't know if he's really into anything
he writes songs about.
I would say, I would say,
oh man, you know, I'm homeless,
except for this ship.
And maybe just have like a genuine moment,
like you try to have in Brooklyn, or space.
Are we in space?
I don't even know where the hell this game takes place.
We've been fighting this sci-fi people
in Dungeons & Dragons world.
I love it.
Yeah, I just want to do a nice,
you know, knock them out.
I want to take his, you know,
I have a flashlight, I assume, right?
No.
Alright.
You have an axe, right?
Oh right, I have the axe.
I want to hit him with the blunt side of the axe.
I don't want to chop off anything.
I just want to knock him out
so I can deal maybe with the other two people
that might be,
and try to get that squid off my folks.
So, okay, do you want to lift the squid
or hit the guy?
Well, I got to, he's down.
How where is he at for the count?
He's farted on.
Yeah.
He's slightly blinded.
Okay.
So I got billiard ball on my face.
Right.
I'm on the ground because you swept my leg.
Yeah.
And to add insult to injury,
you kind of farted on me.
Also, does the squid have kind eyes?
It has fiendish eyes.
Where is he?
He has what?
Fiendish.
Fiendish eyes.
Just let me know when I can cast Tasha's hideous laughter
on this farting billiard guy.
Well, he's entitled to a will save.
He passes his will save.
I use, I use wild empathy on the squid.
He gives a bigger chuckle, but he's unaffected.
Wild empathy.
What are you?
Okay.
You can see the squid.
It's like, I'm confused.
I'm suffocating.
Very vague pronouns.
Can you mind guys being named Dave?
Dave sees the thing.
Jeff just told me, I just,
Jeff just told me I fucked up.
The squid's on our side, right?
Yeah.
So you wild empathize with the squid.
You realize it just got here from another plane.
It doesn't know what's up.
It fell on some people.
It can't breathe.
Could I say something else to him?
Yeah.
Like you're going to die.
What do you want to say?
Can I say to the squid,
hey, first of all, you look great.
Second of all,
can you take care of us a little bit more?
It whips a tentacle around in protest.
Rude.
Yeah.
It's not bad.
Not bad.
Thanks, dad.
My dad hates me.
He comes to every show.
Charm person.
He passes will save.
It doesn't affect him.
God damn it.
Who are you?
I'm Dave.
Dave.
At this point, it's Quark.
I'm Dave.
All right.
So have I taken any hit points from that leg sweep?
No.
You're just on the ground.
It'll take you a bit to get up.
All right.
I get up.
You leap to your feet.
Well, well, well.
Look who's back.
Right?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's me.
I grab his.
I clasp hands with him like in Billy G.
Yeah.
And I throw you.
I have throwing knives.
I give him a throwing knife and I keep one for myself.
Okay.
And we hold our hands together and we spin around in a circle.
Why?
And then I leap in for, then I take my knife in a very un-gentlemanly, like, breach of contract.
I throw my knife at his face.
Your tricky move seems to get the better of him, but does it hit?
Nope.
Shit!
The knife whizzes past the head and plants itself in the machinery behind him.
Who are you?
Who?
If I would have known you were going to be throwing knives, I wouldn't have shaved this morning.
My guy.
The guys trapped under the squid are cracking up.
They love your antics.
Reduce person.
Oh, reduced person.
That's a classic.
Dan Harmon uses it constantly.
What?
No, I love him.
I love him.
Don't boo me.
You see the armored figure before you shrink down in a comical fashion.
Is this a private party or should you pick on someone your own, Dave?
So you're about three feet tall now and a bit weaker.
Mulraine attack!
I fire a single arrow.
I use all of my focus and also I'm really beautiful while I'm doing it.
At this point, you've accrued many magical arrows.
So which one?
You got non-lethal arrows, good-lined arrows, sleep arrows, and VRs.
You have this memorized?
I don't understand what's happening.
I'm a dungeon master!
Oh, yeah.
That's amazing.
Oh, shit!
I'll take his high fives.
I'll take all of his high fives.
Yeah!
I stole him!
Give him half of the high fives.
Those are from those guys.
Yeah!
All right, so an arrow.
A lot of different arrows coming at me.
Yeah, so I have a sleepy arrow and a...
A good arrow.
All right.
An arrow that's good for knocking people out but not killing them.
Okay.
And an arrow that lends itself well for shooting two arrows at once.
You should have fired that last time.
And just to clarify, I'm wearing armor that has little doors in its butthole area and, like...
Did his armor shrink, too, or is he comically...
No, he's caught...
Like, it's like a child in it now.
He's clumsy.
Oh, because I'm three feet.
Yeah, but the armor's regular size.
Well, dear Spencer,
I think I'm going to go ahead and do the two arrows.
Okay.
One of your arrows hits.
The other hits the squid.
That's critical fails.
Really quick, Spencer is really the best.
He's one of the kindest, coolest people ever.
The shoe has not dropped.
Spencer!
I needed some applause after the booing with the squid and everything.
I didn't mean to shoot the squid.
I do a mysterious Emerald Dagger attack on Dave.
You use your mysterious Emerald Dagger.
You hit!
Suck on that, sword.
Sword, sucker.
You deal eight damage.
Not bad.
All right.
We got to kill Jason to dig.
Yeah, you do.
You got to kill Dave.
I'd like to be left out of this.
So it's my turn.
It's your turn, Dave.
Okay, and where am I standing?
You were standing, you can't move around too well.
Where did the arrow hit me?
The one arrow that hit?
I'd say it hit you in the clavicle.
Right in the clavicle.
It's right in the bone.
That's a weird thing.
You're having trouble breathing probably.
And then the Emerald Dagger comes at me.
That's going to hit you right in the stomach.
Even though it didn't hit your armor,
you feel quite injured from the blow.
Yeah, not going to win out of me, at least.
Okay.
At this point, I have no other option.
What's going on?
The squid still got my three boys on lockdown?
Yeah.
They do.
Even though one of the arrows hit the squid,
three guys.
One squid.
Even if the squid was dead, it'd still be doing that.
Yeah, good point.
It's heavy.
Heavy squid.
And they're over there.
They're struggling.
They're awake.
They can laugh at jokes, but they're also...
Okay.
So then at this point, I've got to...
I know this ship better than these guys do.
So I've got to say that what?
Breathe with the squid.
No.
Why didn't we think of that?
No, I feel...
You need Jeff's money.
Do what you want to do.
Live my own life, yeah.
Follow the beat of your own drummer, Dave.
I never knew D&D was as much like Price is Right.
I didn't know that element of it.
The kitty litter.
Go Ohio State.
Let's see.
I would like to...
I'd like to take off the headrest where I was captaining.
The headrest there.
If I hit that button, I pull it up and I can get the two things.
Like you're having a lot of cars.
Of course.
I use that as a weapon to go after Jeff.
Quick reminder, you do own...
Oh, I have my ax.
You know what?
We're going to leave that thing where it is for now.
And I'm going to use the sharp side of the ax
instead of the blunt side like I missed with earlier.
And I'm coming after Nex.
I'm going after everybody's Nex.
Who's Nex?
Pick a neck number one.
So that would be the dagger guy.
Okay.
That's me.
Bold move.
I know his name is Jeff, but I don't know if you're caring.
Quark.
This is my name.
The ax strikes you right in the chest, but it pings off your armor.
Fuck you.
So I missed his neck?
No, you hit him right in the chest.
It was a bit low.
His neck was a bit low.
You're really short.
Oh, I'm really short, right?
Yeah, you're used to swinging higher.
Why didn't I go for dicks?
I should have went for dicks.
Ankle's Nex.
Obnoxious.
You don't think of these things when you're short.
You're like, the world's the same, but it's not.
It's different.
The squid is dead.
Ray of Frost.
Sorry about that.
It hits him right in the eye.
His eyeball freezes over.
He takes three damage and loss loses the use of one eye.
That was a good shot.
I think for all that rapping, it should have been better.
Three is the maximum damage Ray of Frost can heal.
It's a level zero spell.
Jesus, it comes out now.
It gets a theme song, though.
It gets a theme song?
That's the dilemma with Dungeons & Dragons.
The things they're most familiar with are the shittiest things.
That's not just Dungeons & Dragons.
That's every relationship.
Billion burgers sold.
Controversial.
McDonald's insult.
McDonald's slam.
Whose turn is it?
I don't know.
I'm down an eye.
My death perception is nuts.
With a sword, an axe, I'm in bad shape.
You're already shorter.
First I grab a quark and sharpies hands and grip them.
Oh my god, this hippie shit.
As if to say, I got it.
Then I take an arrow, the good arrow.
I take the good arrow and I shoot it at his other eye.
Critical hit.
Olivia Wilde's too pretty for anybody.
No, but pretty enough for you.
But that fucking angel, you're dating a goddess.
You're going to live forever or die immediately.
Who knows?
Well, he's blind now, right?
Oh no, he's dead.
He's dead, he's gone.
Ladies and gentlemen, let's hear it for Spencer and the Dungeons & Dragons.
Erin McGathy.
Jason's dance stage, we're getting about that time.
Spencer, everybody, I'll get the character sheets.
That was a goodie.
That was crazy.
Jason, I hope it's not weird later.
Spencer, I want to go with your browser history.
It's so fucking bad right now, brother.
I swear to god.
Erin McGathy, everyone.
Tough on squids.
All right, Dan, we're getting about that time.
Maybe it's towards the, you know, for the final.
Can I tell you a fantasy of mine?
It involves Olivia Wilde.
No, no, no.
I couldn't place her in a lineup.
I wish them the best.
You'd still pick her if you saw her.
I would.
That's not...
Wilde Slam.
Fiance Slam.
Fiance Slam. Shivery Slam.
People are tightly packed together and I just want to, like, I could do it very carefully.
I'm sure they have a rule against it.
But if I just, like, is there a dog paddle version of a stage dive?
Or you could just kind of, like, just very carefully, very carefully do it?
Yeah, you could do this.
I'm 40 years old. I just want to...
I'm 40!
All right, let's...
I don't want anyone to...
Hang on, let me find the...
I'm not gonna jump onto you.
It'll be, like, when you learn to swim.
But go backwards so people don't, like, you know, inadvertently grab, you know, getting balls.
Keep in mind, he's been on a tour bus for about a week and a half right now.
It's a little...
Yeah, yeah, Joan.
Cover your...
Use one hand to cover your nose.
All right, here's the Dido Rihanna rap, if you guys know the chorus.
Yo, yo, yo, yo.
Also, Jason, if you want to sing the hook, it'd be Dido for us.
I'll put this brown, come on down to harvest Brooklyn, more like Brooklyn.
It's my home.
I want to go from place to place, home to home.
I want to fuck your mama so far in space that she comes back down and says,
you should give me some laces to put onto my shoes.
I know I want to fuck your mama till her pussy turns to boobs and then drink it cup by cup.
But fuck your mama so hard that she turns into a pop.
It's a, come on down to hard.
Bad rap.
Upside down.
Bad rapping.
He is yellow blue and brown.
Yo.
Come on down to hard.
Gonna do a low stakes, gentle stage dive.
Just gonna go up to the edge and make it come alive.
Gonna crawl like a little dog paddle.
Gonna just go out there.
It's gonna be like a raffle.
They're very, very careful.
They're very careful.
Everyone's gonna be fine. Everything's gonna be fine.
Come on down to the hard man's town.
Turn up brown.
Upside down.
Wait, I gotta go backwards.
Turn up brown.
Come on down to the hard man's town.
Space cosmos.
See a humanity.
Rockin' Brooklyn.
I want to do reality.
Fuck your mama.
Fuck your daddy.
Fuck your dad.
Holy shit.
I feel like SidHarmon Baghdad.
Worshiping me. Worship my ass.
Who took my wallet?
Fuck you.
I'll be back for it.
Oh shit.
I love Brooklyn.
New York.
God damn it.
Do a stage dive.
What do we do now?
Come on down to the hard man's town.
Take me back.
Turn up brown.
Upside down.
Put me back.
Be the yellow blue and brown.
Come on down to the hard man's town.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Holy shit.
Dreams come true.
Dreams come true in Brooklyn.
Yeah.
You could just do that?
That's fucking amazing.
I always thought that was like a David Blaine thing where you had to look at a certain
angle.
That was crazy.
All right.
That was a legitimate stage dive.
There was no asterisk next to that.
I don't want you like when people are like did you ever stage dive and be like well yeah
kind.
No you did it.
I mean I was being like everyone should experience that.
Okay we're open till 3 a.m. everyone come up line up here.
Wait after another.
It's like a trust exercise.
It's a five dollar donation.
Everyone has to do that.
All right.
Jeff we're tired of the rat.
Obviously I'm getting worse and worse at the rap and like we wanted to try something different
tonight in Brooklyn.
They call it Music City Brooklyn.
The typewriter was invented here.
I don't know if you know that.
They called the south of the north.
The sandwich was invented here.
Brooklyn famous for its hats and sandwiches.
But we weren't trying to end with like a gentler like this new song.
This rap, this Ditto Rihanna rap we can continue to do it city to city.
We have a friend here that we should bring up before we do that.
Is Herbie here?
Our old buddy Herbie.
Mark Herbie to the stage please.
Mark Herbie everybody.
Grab your six string.
And is there some dude who will help you.
You know this is a stage dive in the opposite way.
This is a reverse tootsie stage dive.
Mark we all met.
The reason we were in New York and it was remiss to not bring one of our friends up.
I know Dan through I think comedy sports is an improv thing.
Three of you.
I did it for the Los Angeles chapter.
You were Kansas City Jason.
Dan was Milwaukee.
You were originally Madison right?
Yeah, Madison.
And then I met you guys when you were the cool kids from the New York thing.
And you were an awesome group.
No you're not.
But you were an awesome sketch group called Burt Frischner's.
Which is the funniest fucking sketch show I've ever seen in my life.
I'll never forget it.
Mark go find your axe back there.
We'll mic you up if we can.
Go get your shine box.
I don't know.
Yeah, yeah.
It's like that.
Yeah, shit has changed up here.
No, but wasn't there also a dude who showed up with a bag of instruments.
Just like a stranger.
Like a dude back here.
Can you make your way up?
Is that Brett?
We heard about a guy that was in line and he brought a bag of instruments.
What could possibly go wrong with that?
This isn't going to be like a Little Feet concert.
We're not...
We're just trying to change it up.
We're going to make things a little more tender.
Alright, so this will go out in the crowd.
This is a brand new song here.
Dan?
Yeah.
Whenever you're ready, let me know.
Do you want to do a little preamble?
Fire it up because let's just do it bad.
Okay, here we go.
I love you.
I love me.
Drink my poo.
Eat my pee.
In Harmontown.
Don't want to do nothing wrong.
I see Brooklyn coming at me with style.
I love everyone here.
I see their eyes and their smiles.
And I just want to reach out to them and welcome them to Harmontown.
Please take the subway to Harmontown.
Everybody say Harmontown.
P is yellow and poop is brown.
That's when you know that you've gotten to Harmontown.
I never wanted to be like this.
I just want to know that I can drink a cup of piss with your mama's big fat titties
and give her a squeeze of this.
I don't know what I'm singing, but I want to do this.
Everybody wants to hear my name.
I just want to play a game of Dungeons and Dragons.
Fuck it, I'm fucking up.
I'm just speaking softly and I don't care.
Cause we're going down to Harmontown.
Everybody say Harmontown.
Where pee is yellow and poop is always brown.
I want your mama to make love to me.
I want to sit her on the lap in my knee.
I want to take a big fat ass and throw it to the moon.
And bring her back and make love to her soon.
Cause I'm from a place called Harmontown.
And I'm from a place called Harmontown.
I fucked your mama at a restaurant called Ground Round.
Where you pay what you weigh and it's...
I fucked your mama till she fell apart.
I fucked your mama till I laid a fight on her face.
I don't love your mama, but I respect her.
Sorry.
Everybody say Harmontown.
Everybody talking Harmontown.
Where pee is yellow and poop is brown.
I want the fuck I'm going to lift up the Harmontown.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown tonight everybody.
Thanks for playing Dungeons & Dragons with us.
Thanks for cramming into a badass room.
Thank you to the Bell House in Brooklyn.
Thank you to Brett over here on The Percussion.
Maya, our token black-skinned.
Eddie Federer in the front row.
Mark Hervey on guitar.
Spencer of the band.
Spencer of course.
Erin McGathy.
Jason Goddamsejakis.
Whoa!
I'm Jeff Davis. Thank you.
Dan Harmon!
Harmontown.
I fucked your mama in Harmontown.
I fucked your mama's ass to the ground.
I fucked your mama so hard, she cried for mercy.
Harmontown.
I fucked your mama in Harmontown.
Show bite impressions.
Chevy chase mode calls to me.
Whoa!
If you signed anything, I'll sign it.
If you're drinking, I'll drink with you.
I'll see you out there.
Thank you.
You guys are amazing.
Truly, we're not going to have a better show than this.
You guys are wonderful.
Whoa!